! Basic stuff
xterm*termName:           xterm-256color
xterm*loginShell:         true
xterm*saveLines:          10000
xterm*metaSendsEscape:    true
xterm*selectToClipboard:  true

! Appearance
xterm*utf8:               true
xterm*eightBitInput:      true
xterm*cursorBlink:        false
xterm*dynamicColors:      on
xterm*highlightSelection: true
xterm*visualBell:         false
xterm*scrollBar:          true
xterm*scrollbar.width:    8
xterm*rightScrollBar:     true

! Font
xterm*faceName:     Monospace
xterm*faceSize:     10
xterm*scaleHeight:  1.00

! Dark color theme

#define S_base00        #263238
#define S_base01        #DCDCCC
#define S_black         #111111
#define S_gray          #546E7A
#define S_yellow        #FFCB6B
#define S_red           #FF5370
#define S_magenta       #C792EA
#define S_blue          #82AAFF
#define S_cyan          #89DDFF
#define S_green         #C3E88D
#define S_white         #EEEEEE

xterm*cursorColor: S_base01
xterm*background:  S_base00
xterm*foreground:  S_white

xterm*color0:      S_black
xterm*color8:      S_gray
xterm*color1:      S_red
xterm*color9:      S_red
xterm*color2:      S_green
xterm*color10:     S_green
xterm*color3:      S_yellow
xterm*color11:     S_yellow
xterm*color4:      S_blue
xterm*color12:     S_blue
xterm*color5:      S_magenta
xterm*color13:     S_magenta
xterm*color6:      S_cyan
xterm*color14:     S_cyan
xterm*color7:      S_white
xterm*color15:     S_white

! vim:ft=xdefaults:
